#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --extra=dev --output-file=requirements-dev.txt pyproject.toml
#
aiofiles==22.1.0
    # via ypy-websocket
aiosqlite==0.18.0
    # via ypy-websocket
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.2.0
    # via jsonschema
babel==2.11.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
build==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.0.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via pip-tools
colorama==0.4.6
    # via nbdime
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
cython==0.29.33
    # via dpilqr (pyproject.toml)
debugpy==1.6.6
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipdb
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.30
    # via nbdime
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
ipdb==0.13.11
    # via dpilqr (pyproject.toml)
ipykernel==6.21.1
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipympl==0.9.2
    # via dpilqr (pyproject.toml)
ipython==8.9.0
    # via
    #   ipdb
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipympl
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipympl
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==8.0.4
    # via ipympl
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
json5==0.9.11
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==8.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
jupyter-server==2.2.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
    #   jupyter-server-mathjax
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-git
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-fileid==0.6.0
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
jupyter-server-mathjax==0.2.6
    # via nbdime
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server-ydoc==0.6.1
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-ydoc==0.2.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab
jupyterlab==3.6.0
    # via dpilqr (pyproject.toml)
jupyterlab-git==0.41.0
    # via dpilqr (pyproject.toml)
jupyterlab-horizon-theme==3.1.1
    # via dpilqr (pyproject.toml)
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.19.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.5
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.6.3
    # via
    #   dpilqr (pyproject.toml)
    #   ipympl
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.2.1
    # via sympy
nbclassic==0.5.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.9
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbdime==3.1.1
    # via jupyterlab-git
nbformat==5.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab-git
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
networkx==3.0
    # via dpilqr (pyproject.toml)
notebook==6.5.2
    # via jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.24.1
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   dpilqr (pyproject.toml)
    #   ipympl
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-git
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
pandas==1.5.3
    # via seaborn
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyterlab-git
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.4.0
    # via
    #   ipympl
    #   matplotlib
pip-tools==6.12.2
    # via dpilqr (pyproject.toml)
platformdirs==2.6.2
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.4
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbdime
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via jsonschema
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via jsonschema
scipy==1.10.0
    # via dpilqr (pyproject.toml)
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via dpilqr (pyproject.toml)
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
sympy==1.11.1
    # via dpilqr (pyproject.toml)
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   ipdb
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pyproject-hooks
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipympl
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab-git
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.0
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.38.4
    # via pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==4.0.5
    # via ipywidgets
y-py==0.5.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   ypy-websocket
ypy-websocket==0.8.2
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
